Add new documents for host-verify package (#3205)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/GettingStartedDocs/VisualStudioWindows.md

You will need the following:

- A development machine with support for SGX1 or SGX1 with Flexible Launch Control (FLC) (see [instructions for determining the SGX support level](https://github.com/microsoft/openenclave/blob/master/docs/GettingStartedDocs/SGXSupportLevel.md) if needed).

>   - If you would like to install the Open Enclave Host-Verify SDK and build evidence verification applications without enclaves, then this is not necessary. For more information about the Open Enclave Host-Verify SDK, please look [here](https://github.com/microsoft/openenclave/blob/master/docs/GettingStartedDocs/install_host_verify_Windows.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you would like to install the Open Enclave Host-Verify SDK and build evidence verification applications without enclaves, then this is not necessary. For more information about the Open Enclave Host-Verify SDK, see the [installation instructions](https://github.com/microsoft/openenclave/blob/master/docs/GettingStartedDocs/install_host_verify_Windows.md).
```
(avoid "here" as a link label)

Author: Ah that's a good one. I saw it on some old documents and followed suit. I'll adopt your suggestion, thanks!
